docs: Add managed dbs to CI/CD and vet guides (#2896)
sqlc-dev/sqlc: docs/howto/vet.md

      - sqlc/db-prepare
```

> When connecting to a database via URI, `sqlc` does not migrate your database. By switching to [managed databases](managed-databases.md), sqlc will create and migrate databases automatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Databases configured with a `uri` must have an up-to-date schema, and `sqlc` does not apply schema migrations your database. You can configure [managed databases](managed-databases.md) instead to have `sqlc` create and migrate databases automatically.
```

```yaml
version: 2

> sql:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
cloud:
  project: <your project id>
sql:
```
